updating readme section on running tests (#112)
data-exp-lab/yt-napari: README.md

### tests and style checks

Both bug fixes and new features will need to pass the existing test suite and style checks. While both will be run automatically when you submit a pull request, it is helpful to run the test suites locally and run style checks throughout development. For testing, you can use [tox] to test different python versions on your platform.

    pip install tox

And then from the top level of the `yt-napari` directory, run

    tox

Tox will then run a series of tests in isolated environments. In addition to checking the terminal output for test results, the tox run will generate a test coverage report: a `coverage.xml` file and a `htmlcov` folder -- to view the results, open `htmlcov/index.html` in a browser.

If you prefer a lighter weight test, you can also use `pytest` directly and rely on the Github CI to test different python versions and systems. To do so, first install `pytest` and some related plugins:

    pip install pytest pytest-qt pytest-cov

Now, to run the tests:

    pytest -v --cov=yt_napari --cov-report=html

> In addition to telling you whether or not the tests pass, the above command will write out a code coverage reporrt to the `htmlcov` directory. You can open up `htmlcov/index.html` in a browswer and check out the lines of code that were missed by existing tests.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to telling you whether or not the tests pass, the above command will write out a code coverage report to the `htmlcov` directory. You can open up `htmlcov/index.html` in a browser and check out the lines of code that were missed by existing tests.
```
